okay this is a video Lana's baby right
here long another one is still available
Lana number two it's been spoken for at
work yeah he's a cutie let's have double
thick long coats little Pomeranian
yeah very soft very puffin fluffy very
dr. lucky huh huh like their little
tails going there done great on the
weaning they're doing good on their
litter box training and they're just
being happy puppy
that first shot here in a couple days
yeah there's a turn eight weeks on the
12th of December 4th of December
cribbage
yeah are you going to be the rebel
number two the smaller ones she's
definitely the more energetic
personality thus far they both like
their toys and they're loving and
friendly and pretty secure yeah took out
no wallflowers here
what the heck yeah
looky how cute you are yeah
everything goes in the mess but that
whores yeah
why still got lucky
let's go get a little bit of soft food
that sticks man here another day of June
even once on Kimmel
oh hell
they've always been out there mommy what
about four or five days now got to come
out of that transition
Sookie real rowdy here at about another
four or five days they grow so fast
mentally and physically but you need to
picture more mental at that they did use
kissing yeah lay down with you all
these are gonna be little stingers in
the evidence
Vicki Vicki you know I want you in here
I'm not gonna chew over here that's a
big keys for what's you on your hand
forget to chew on you once belly rub it
works better on you oh really oh yeah
horrible
good laugh will hear this you are
what the movement fluffy white with
green the airship with a cream hearing
there
yeah secret combination knows on that
one oh you got death note I got a
darkness
it keeps it pretty fun little longer
let's just room very 50 look up bigger
teeth you're bigger yeah put your more
bigger you watch
I want to kill it but I don't know how
Oh get it
she's the one that will be doing the
racetrack in another week lay down here
fork over my here running around and
around gonna do now
Elvis never stops look a happy dog
guitar that's one as you say he seems a
bit mellower but you never know a week
from now it may catch up
I don't think neither one's gonna be a
real terror you know no oh no real pairs
here oh you just seem to catch it to get
love
if
so here they are if you're interested in
learning one your marital or play visit
yeah
come see everybody meet their mom and
dad meet up take the tour play with
puppy